---
title: May 22, 2024
theme: slate
toc: false
---

<a style="color:#7eade6" rel="index" href="./index"><span>Return to Dashboard</span></a>


<h1> May 22, 2024 </h1>

<span style="font-size:20px">

I set up this blog today. It took a while because I've forgotten a lot of what I learned about Github.

I set up a <i>calendar</i> in my dashboard that I'll update with a new link each time I <small>make a post</small>. It's a bit <del>unwieldy</del>, but as long as I don't slip up with it, it should be an <span style="color:red">easy</span> way to <ins>search</ins> for posts. I can't quite figure out how to make a search bar yet, but it can't be that hard with <b>JavaScript</b>.

I need to start setting goals for my German learning, assuming that Henry (a German teacher) doesn't come back to me. I've been using Conjuguemos, and I've gotten through three sets so far. I'd like to finish the entire Aktuell 1 unit today. There are only eight more sets left, with roughly 20 words in each. Though I won't retain all of them, it would be good to go through them as quickly as possible. I've also been trying to create sentences with each of these words, but it's confusing because German has words that can have different meanings and be used differently depending on the context.

For example, the word <i>gegen</i> means around/about, but it also means against. That's not a big example, but when I'll find a more apparent example, I'll update this post.

I went shopping with my mother today, something I haven't had time for in a long while. She knows all the tricks to tell whether or not something is fresh. Together, we snapped the ends off of okra (the easier the snap the better) and peeled away fingertip-wide pieces of gourd skin (the less that peels away the better). I drove us to another store nearby (a tiny place called the Marketplace) where my mother ordered cuts of meat and questioned their freshness. I winced a little, but the shopkeeper only assured their quality with a smile.

</span>